{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Nathan Gonzalez}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Design for Software Download Pack\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 What is it?
\b0 \
The files included in this download pack are meant to compliment the Design for Software text. Everything in this folder maps to the appropriate sections in the book. I encourage you to read the text first to understand the purpose of the files before using them. But even if you don't read the book, these files are meant to help you save some time throughout the design process in your own projects.  \
This pack includes several different files: 
\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b Design Templates 
\b0 - There are a handful of blank templates to print out and use for your own projects.\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\b Design Samples 
\b0  -  These files are sample executions of a particular topic. Some of the topics include: wireframes, color palettes, and design patterns. I've included both the original artwork illustrator files (.ai) and .pdf versions for reuse as needed. \
{\listtext	\'95	}
\b Code Samples
\b0  - I've included a couple of proof of concepts demonstrating how to various creative coding tasks. Full source code is provided, and more can found on www.designforsoftware.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 Additionally, these samples and other can be seen live and downloaded from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.design4software.com"}}{\fldrslt www.designforsoftware.com. }}\

\b How do I use the samples? \

\b0 Open them, pick them apart, steal what you need, leave what you don't. I spent many man hours hand crafting all of figures in the book. Nothing would make me happier than to see other people put them to good use.  If you do something great with them please send me and email at eklimcz@gmail.com so I can check it out.  \
Enjoy!\
Erik\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl195

\f1\fs17 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Copyright (c) 2013 Erik Klimczak http://www.designforsoftware.com\
 \
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
 \
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be\
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
  \
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
}