{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\author Nathan Gonzalez}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Design for Software Color Code Samples\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 What is it?
\b0 \
These samples demonstrate ways to programmatically generate color palettes and how to work with color to do some fun things in code. The two samples include:\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 -	
\b Find Average Color 
\b0 - This sample show how to pull the average color from an image programmatically. \
-	
\b Generate Shades of a Color
\b0  - This sample shows how to generate a monochrome color palette based on a single color value.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 How do I run the samples? \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 This sample code is \ul not meant to be used in any production environment\ulnone . They are code experiments demonstrating basic functionality That being said, you can follow these basic instructions to run the samples.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Ready the code\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}You must host the "Find Average Color" sample on a web server before it will render properly. This is due to cross-site domain accessibility issues. You can see the code in action at www.designforsoftware.com is you can get it working.  \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}Run the sample\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	} - Open the index.html file in a modern browser to run the samples. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3.	}Experiment \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}- The whole point of these samples if to provide you with a jump start to extend and modify these code samples for your own projects.  Have Fun!\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl195

\f2\fs17 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Copyright (c) 2013 Erik Klimczak http://www.designforsoftware.com\
 \
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
 \
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be\
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
  \
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
}